README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Introduce

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

In this app, showing forecast for a location <br />
The api [whether](http://api.weatherapi.com/v1/) <br />

# Search 
- Type city name to the input search, such as: London, New york <br />
- Select a location from list are suggested <br />

# Result
- The result of location is selected will show in the box under search input <br />
- Will have name and region
- The api is free, so it only returns 3 day forecast

Commit message:

done app with search and show result

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Introduce
In this app, showing forecast for a location <br />
The api [whether](http://api.weatherapi.com/v1/) <br />

# Search 
- Type city name to the input search, such as: London, New york <br />
- Select a location from list are suggested <br />

# Result
- The result of location is selected will show in the box under search input <br />
- Will have name and region
- The api is free, so it only returns 3 day forecast

# Public
- App is public here: [github](https://nhonnhon.github.io/nab/#/) <br />
- But the api is public http, can't access with https site
- Checkout the source code and run on your local
